Update for Feb 3, 2017
Create diagram for partner and staff
Search for plugin structure OOP
Setup plugin for partner
Make plugin to OOP structures
Create plugin instance
Create plugin shortodes
Create pages settings and radar
Separate Shortocdes in different files
Assist Mik and Mj with their issues

Update for Feb 6, 2017
Continue with radar partner ui


Update for Feb 10, 2017
create model rules
setup model info
allow input sample settings
allow query sample settings to be used in google scrape
turn array google scraped results
check if scraped from google is already exist in the database and if so do nothing but if not exist then do insert
 
Todo by Feb 13, 2017
view all tab none related and related status - 30min
view tab related status - 30 min
view tab not related status - 30min 
allow update status by partner - 1hr
   - allow update not related status turn to 3
   - allow update related status turn to 2
Allow delete related and not related data
pagination with partner results



allow update status by agent - 1hr 
    - only show alert that is status is 0
    - allow agent to update status from 0 - 1 
Todo by Feb 14, 2017 
when status updated by agent should show in partner 
when status update by partner should show in tabs
allow delete for scraped data
add ui for all, related and not related pagination 
allow retrieve correct partner id 
allow retrieve correct user id
 
Todo by Feb 15, 2017



Update for Feb 15, 2017
Delete all data from database
Login first account assign unique partner id and go settings create keyword and url then save
Login second account assign  unique partner id and go settings create keyword and url then save
Set scrape in google set limit to 20 and start scraping, this should scrape the 2 entry in settings and each user has 20 new scrapped data from google
Set relevant 15 15 entry each user by agent
show 15 15 in each user and now user set relevant 5 not relevant 5 then 5 5 5 should show in tabs this will be applied to the 2 users
Install plugin to server testing and make pages live
create add function to auto create table when plugin is activated
Todo for Feb 15, 2017
Create multiple entry in database with specific rate links
Create a function to scrape each links added to database and save to storage and display to agent then partner
with person name who commented and rating, we only get rating with 3 below.
Create scrape by batch


do the same process test in testing
ask cronjobs access from rich
search how to run codeigniter via cronjobs
set cronjobs







Create ui for Agent 
Retrieve all info from ontraport and save to agent site database
allow partner add specific review sites in each partners
allow scrape each users google keyword and review sites
allow scrape sequence by user
allow agent approve data


pending = 0
set related by agent = 1
set  none related by agent = 4
set related by partner = 2
set none related by partner = 3



Update for March 2, 2017

1. Install plugin to reputationradara

2. Fix conditions and scrapping work propperly in rating site

3. Setup cronjobs for rating site, and scrapping for rating sites and google is now both working. currently we have https://uk.trustpilot.com and http://www.reviewcentre.com working.

4. Make reputation radar connect with testing database and able to manage with agent alerts and partner ids - done

5. Add short codes for alert agent and partner ids in reputation site

6. Make the pages full width in reputation site

7. Fix issue in duplicates for rating sites in scrapping via cronjobs

8. Do testing from online and setup


9. Partner can change settings here for google search, added already the google keyword settings
https://testing.umbrellasupport.co.uk/reputation-radar

10. Partner can see all of his alerts here
https://testing.umbrellasupport.co.uk/reputation-radar-alert

11. Agent can manage here the rating sites
http://reputationradar.umbrellasupport.co.uk/reputation-radar-partners-agent/

12. Agent can see all the alerts and validate if its relevant or not relevant
http://reputationradar.umbrellasupport.co.uk/reputation-radar-alert-agent/


13. http://reputationradar.umbrellasupport.co.uk/wp-login.php
user: admin
pass: admin

- currently we have issue with plugin in reputationradar, so after you logged in it should just show white screen and please ignore and you
  can just directly visit this links below

  http://reputationradar.umbrellasupport.co.uk/reputation-radar-alert-agent/
  or
  http://reputationradar.umbrellasupport.co.uk/reputation-radar-partners-agent/



Issue found, todo and solutions

1. need to get all the partners id via ontraport query, will ask code for this to the guys

2. fix in batch table row index is causing table not generated when activated the plugin and it must be
change to "index_pos" and update scrapping index there to "index_pos" in order to work.

3. fix issue in reputation radar, plugin conflic and blocked creating new page of the site.

4. create admin dashboard of the plugin

5. allow database setup in admin view of the plugin

6. add all the pages and shortcodes and documentation in the plugin dashboard

7. create code that will block the non related site, to prevent comming to alert again

8. in rating site needs to show the actual company url, not just rating site.